What's new in this release?

Version 1.1beta
- This is a BETA version and has not been fully tested to my satisfaction.
  If you think you have a valid (read "reproducable and not related to
  operation") bug, let me know. I will try to work it out with you.
- Data file has been updated with some new files. I can't remember which
  ones are new, but I suspect some people do not have this version anyway.
- Added external file viewing support. Double click any file in the
  archive. If it has a valid associated viewer, the viewer will be invoked
  with the file (i.e. If you have the smacker player installed, it will be
  launched to play a SMK file that you double click on). Unlike sound
  files, this is not buffered so the file is actually extracted prior to
  launching the associated viewer.
- Added native wave playing. Double click a wave to hear it. This does work
  for the _long_ waves that are the music for the game. They are buffered
  somewhat so you don't have to wait for the whole file to extract before
  it starts playing. Give it a try, seems to work okay for me, although
  there is a slight delay before the song starts.
- Obviously the interface has changed a bit. Due to numerous emails I have
  received asking "How do I use this thing?" I decided to make it a little simpler. You can still change the data file without having to restart,
  but you have to do it from the menu now. Same goes for the "Save list" feature. Also, I have updated the instructions to reflect these changes.
  Please take the time to read them. Sorry, no compression this go round,
  but I am looking into it. Remember, I have a job and I don't necessarily
  have the time to put into MPQView that I would like to.

Version 1.02
- Fixed the font installation error. Sorry folks, I deserve a kick in the
  pants for hardcoding the path to the font directory...

Version 1.01

- Fixed memory leak
- Program now is a little more "system friendly" on large file reads
- Added progress bar to show progress of file extraction
- As an added bonus, if you don't have it, the program will install the
  Xenotron font. (I'd like to give credit for this font, but I don't
  remember where I got it from).
- Changed the icon to something a little different. Here I must give credit
  to Blizzard for their fine "data disk" image that is in the lower half of
  the icon. I'm still not really satisfied with it, and if anyone would
  like to donate an icon they feel is more appropriate, I would appreciate
  it.
- There's probably a few other things I can't remember.


If you have any suggestions, comments, or bug reports, please contact:

smims@hotmail.com